Robots Daycare, version 1

This JSON API has 4 methods - Update, Show, Index, History. It expects and responds with JSON.

Robots are configured to store attributes within an hstore data attribute. A sample Robot looks like:

{

"id" : 1,
"data" : {"name": "R2D2", "color" : "blue"},
"created_at" :
"updated_at" :

}

Installation:

1. Fork the repo from https://github.com/smilansky/BackEndChallenge_001. 
2. Pull the code locally and then run bundle install.
3. run rails server from the terminal.

[Update] update a robot's attributes

To update a robot, make the following request:

  url: http://localhost:3000/api/v1/robots/:id
  method: PATCH
  Body : 

  {

  "robot" : {"data" : {"attribute_1" : "200", "attribute_2" : "blue"}} 

  }

Be aware that the attributes are not predefined and can be anything on both sides: key and value.

[Show] get a robot's actual attributes

To show the actual attributes of a robot, make the following request:

  url: http://localhost:3000/api/v1/robots/:id
  method: GET
  Body : N/A

Example

The inspector asks for the robot XX1 and the system responses with the following information:

{

"id" : 1,
"data" : {"color":"blue","weight":"200"},
"created_at" : "2014-01-09T18:56:10.000Z",
"updated_at" : "2014-01-10T04:46:57.000Z"

}

[Index] get a list of all the robot's in our database

To have an overview of all the robot's in our database, make the following request:

  url: http://localhost:3000/api/v1/robots/
  method: GET
  Body : N/A

[History] get a robot's attributes changes

In order to obtain the history and evolution of attribute changes for a specific robot, make the following request:

  url: http://localhost:3000/api/v1/robots/:id/history
  method: GET
  Body : N/A

Notes:

Authentication was not included since I wanted to make interaction with the API faster. I elected to use Rails-API since it is lightweight but provides structure for expansion should the API become more complex.

